Introduce the hash URL param `presetUrlOverwrite` (#9475)
openstreetmap/iD: API.md

* __`validationError`__ - The issues identified by these types/subtypes will be treated as errors (i.e. Issues will be surfaced to the user but will block changeset upload). Each parameter value should contain a urlencoded, comma-separated list of type/subtype match rules.  An asterisk `*` may be used as a wildcard.<br/>
  _Example:_ `validationError=crossing_ways/highway*,crossing_ways/tunnel*`
* __`walkthrough=true`__ - Start the walkthrough automatically

> * __`presetUrlOverwrite=https://example.com`__ - Overwrite the source for presets. Default is the [id-tagging-schema](https://github.com/openstreetmap/id-tagging-schema) release on jsdelivery ([Code](https://github.com/openstreetmap/iD/blob/develop/config/id.js#L2)). The URL has to serve the root of the id-tagging-schema repo after running `npm run dist`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* __`presetsUrl=https://example.com/`__ - Overwrites the source for presets. Default is the [id-tagging-schema](https://github.com/openstreetmap/id-tagging-schema) release on jsDelivr ([code](https://github.com/openstreetmap/iD/blob/develop/config/id.js#L2)). The URL has to serve the root of the id-tagging-schema repo after running `npm run dist` and allow [CORS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS) requests.
```
